Module4 STL (#24)
jetbrains-academy/CppBasics: StandardLibraryEssentials/Templates/TypeInference/task.md

> Type inference is a powerful feature in C++ that allows the compiler to automatically deduce the type of a variable or expression at compile time. This can make your code more concise and easier to read, as well as reduce the likelihood of type-related errors. When dealing with types with complex and obscure names, type inference can make your code more readable and maintainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type inference is a powerful feature in C++ that allows the compiler to automatically deduce the type of a variable or an expression at compile time. This can make your code more concise and easier to read, as well as reduce the likelihood of type-related errors. When dealing with types with complex and obscure names, type inference can make your code more readable and maintainable.
```

It is important to note that type inference is not the same as dynamic typing, a feature characteristic of languages like Python and JavaScript. In C++, a variable's type is determined once and remains unchanged until its destruction. 

> Type inference is a compile-time feature where the type of a variable or expression is determined based on the context of its usage. Thus, compilation time might slightly increase when using type inference, but the resulting code will be more concise and easier to read.

Reviewer: I suggest removing this paragraph:

> Thus, compilation time might slightly increase when using type inference, but the resulting code will be more concise and easier to read.

I do not think the compilation time would be significantly different for the majority of the cases. This paragraph can only scare away the students from this feature.

In C++ type inference is mainly done using the `auto` keyword, which tells the compiler to deduce the type of a variable or expression based on its initializer. For example, you can use `auto` to declare a variable without explicitly specifying its type:
```cpp
auto x = 42; // x is deduced to be an int
auto y = 3.14; // y is deduced to be a double
auto str = "Hello, World!"; // str is deduced to be a const char*
```

Sometimes, you may want to declare a reference using `auto`. In this case, you need to use `auto&` to specify that the variable is a reference:
```cpp
int a = 42;
int& ref = a;
auto b = ref; // b is deduced to be an int
auto& ref2 = ref; // ref2 is deduced to be an int&
```

Another new keyword introduced in C++11 is `decltype`, which allows you to deduce the type of expression without actually evaluating it. This can be useful when you want to declare a variable with the same type as another expression:
```cpp
int a = 42;
decltype(a) b = 3 + a; // b is deduced to be an int
```

> Sometimes, you may encounter `decltype(auto)`, which deduces the type of a variable or an expression using `decltype` rules. This can be useful when you want to retain the reference or const-qualification of the original expression. `auto` follows the template argument deduction rules and always assumes an object type, while `decltype(auto)` follows `decltype` rules to deduce reference types based on value categories.

Reviewer: Let's remove this paragraph and example. It is a bit too much complicated for the novice C++ learners.

```cpp
int a = 42;
const int& ref = a;
auto b = ref; // b is deduced to be an int
decltype(auto) c = ref; // c is deduced to be a const int&
```

> For both function and class templates, the compiler can often deduce the types of the template arguments from the types of the provided arguments. This means that you don't always have to explicitly specify the template arguments when calling a function template. Here's how you can use template argument deduction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both function and class templates, the compiler can often deduce the types of the template arguments from the types of the provided arguments. This means that you don't always have to explicitly specify the template arguments when calling a function template. This feature is called _template argument deduction_. Here's how it can be used:
```
